Adding Discord disclaimer (#1863)
writethedocs/www: docs/slack.rst

.. admonition:: Why we don't pay for Slack
   :class: note

   The Write the Docs Slack community is free to access and we aim to keep it that way.
   A Slack subscription is prohibitively expensive—over $10,000 per month—for a community as large as ours.
   Even if we had such resources, upgrading Slack is not a priority
   and many people feel a freedom in knowing that their words will disappear shortly.

Why not use a tool like Discord?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In related discussions, people sometimes ask about moving the community to a different tool, like Discord, so we can access more chat history. 

Reviewer: In the question format, this heading is unlike all of the others and I don't think it's strictly a subset of the Slack history question (the discussion in `#meta` that prompted this mentioned other reasons to move too). Perhaps we could let the topic stand alone?

```suggestion
Other chat platforms (such as Discord)
--------------------------------------

Write the Docs does not have an official presence on Discord or other chat platforms.

People sometimes ask about moving the community to a different tool, like Discord, so we can access more chat history or benefit from fewer chat accounts to manage.
```

> We haven't considered that for a few reasons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We considered that, and decided not to for the following reasons:
```

- Because Write the Docs is a work-related community, a lot of people access it from their work computers, and often use it alongside their professional Slack instances.

>   Conversely, many organizations restrict social media sites like Discord on their devices.

Reviewer: I think this bullet might be strengthened by leading with the issue. Not insisting on any particular wording here, but maybe something along these lines:

```suggestion
- Many workplaces restrict access to social media sites including Discord.
  Because it's a work-related community, a lot of people access the Write the Docs Slack from their work computers alongside their employers' Slack instances.
  They often cannot do the same for other chat platforms.
```

A couple other little edits too:

- I think we're professional too? I didn't love the implied contrast
- Made a little less Discord specific—it's probably true for some other options.

> - Our community has a *lot* of people in it - we're coming up on 20,000 registered members.
>   It's hard to move an active community that large to a different platform, especially people who aren't around very often.

Reviewer: Three things here:

- Like above, I'm suggesting leading with the issue, and then filling in the details.
- Hard is subjective and I don't want folks to try to debate us on this. Suggesting a bit of a reframing here.

```suggestion
- Migrating platforms is not a priority for the capacity of our small moderation team.
  Our community has a *lot* of people in it - we're coming up on 20,000 registered members.
  Moving an active community that large to a different platform requires a lot of attention that we believe is better spent on other tasks to serve the community.
```
